Dataset menggubakan dataset DARPA 2000, referensi https://www.ll.mit.edu/ideval/data/2000data.html

------------
LLDOS 1.0 :
------------
Referensi : https://www.ll.mit.edu/ideval/data/2000/LLS_DDOS_1.0.html
The five phases of the attack scenario are:

Description:

The premise of the attack is that a relatively novice adversary seeks to show his/her prowess by using a scripted attack to break into a variety of hosts around the Internet, install the components necessary to run a Distributed Denial of Service, and then launch a DDOS at a US government site. As a part of the attack the adversary uses the Solaris sadmind exploit, a well-known Remote-To-Root attack to successfully gain root access to three Solaris hosts at Eyrie Air Force Base. These attacks succeed due to the relatively poor security model applied at the AFB, many services, including the dangerous "sunrpc" service, are proxied through the base's firewall from outside to inside. The attacker is using the Mstream DDOS tool, one of the less sophisticated DDOS tools. It does not make use of encryption and does not offer as wide a range of attack options as other tools, such as TribeFloodNetwork or Trinoo. An Mstream "server", the software that actually generates and sends the DDOS attack packets, is installed on each of the three victim hosts, while an Mstream "master", the software that provides a user-interface and controls the "servers" is installed on one of the victims.

Phase :

1. IPsweep of the AFB from a remote site
2. Probe of live IP's to look for the sadmind daemon running on Solaris hosts
3. Breakins via the sadmind vulnerability, both successful and unsuccessful on those hosts
4. Installation of the trojan mstream DDoS software on three hosts at the AFB
5. Launching the DDoS

------------
LLDOS 2.0 :
------------

DESCRIPTION:

The premise of the attack is that a relatively novice adversary seeks to show his/her prowess by using a scripted attack to break into a variety of hosts around the Internet, install the components necessary to run a Distributed Denial of Service, and then launch a DDOS at a US government site. As a part of the attack the adversary uses the Solaris sadmind exploit, a well-known Remote-To-Root attack to successfully gain root access to three Solaris hosts at Eyrie Air Force Base. These attacks succeed due to the relatively poor security model applied at the AFB, many services, including the dangerous "sunrpc" service, are proxied through the base's firewall from outside to inside. The attacker is using the Mstream DDOS tool, one of the less sophisticated DDOS tools. It does not make use of encryption and does not offer as wide a range of attack options as other tools, such as TribeFloodNetwork or Trinoo. An Mstream "server", the software that actually generates and sends the DDOS attack packets, is installed on each of the three victim hosts, while an Mstream "master", the software that provides a user-interface and controls the "servers" is installed on one of the victims.

DIFFERENCES FROM VERS. 1.0:

The main difference between 2.0.2 and 1.0 is that in 2.0.2 the attacker probes for host, platform, operating system by doing DNS HINFO queries, rather than sweeping IP's and rpc ports, and that they break-into one host at Eyrie first, then fan out from there, rather than attacking each host individually.

The five phases of the attack scenario are:

1. Probe of mill.eyrie.af.mil, Eyrie's public DNS server, via the HINFO query
2. Breakin-to mill.eyrie.af.mil via the sadmind exploit
3. FTP upload of mstream DDoS software and attack script, to break-into more Eyrie hosts.
4. Initiate attack on other Eyrie hosts: Telnet to mill.eyrie.af.mil, setup DDoS master and initiate probing and attack of other Eyrie hosts. Probes are via the HINFO record query and attacks are via the sadmind exploit. Two break-ins are attempted: robin.eyrie.af.mil (a linux host listed as Solaris in the HINFO, breakin fails!) and pascal.eyrie.af.mil (breakin succeeds since the host is Solaris!)
5. Launching the DDoS: Telnet to mill, telnet to localhost port 6723, connect to the master, and launch attack at www.af.mil.
